zigbee: clarify `CONFIG_ZIGBEE_HAVE_SERIAL` usage (#14568)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/zigbee/osif.rst

  Use this option only for testing and debugging your application.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ZIGBEE_HAVE_SERIAL` - Enables the UART serial abstract for the ZBOSS OSIF layer and allows to configure the serial glue layer.
  For more information, see the :ref:`zigbee_osif_zboss_osif_serial` section.

  .. note::

>       Serial abstract cannot be disabled when using the precompiled ZBOSS libraries since they have dependencies on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Serial abstract must be enabled when using the precompiled ZBOSS libraries since they have dependencies on it.
```
